I love it when a man says,
>> "Let me spoil you. Let me take care of
you."
>> And then in the same breath asks what he
gets in return. Wait, I thought you were
spoiling me. Now it sounds like you're
hiring me. These men love to talk about
how money is not important and character
is everything that counts. But the
second they open their wallet, they act
like they own you. A real man provides
because that's who he is, not because
he's waiting for a reward. Seriously, if
you have to ask for a return on your
dinner, you're not a provider. You're
simply a guy who is over budget. And if
that offends you, good. It means your
wallet is just as small as your mindset.